It was the third week of class and Diddy Doodat was in a really good mood. He was on his way to CS 400 at the Noland Zoology Building, ready to learn about somce data structures, when   the clouds appeared from no where and lightning struck the sky. Diddy, scared out of his     mind, rushed into the buliding to escape the thunder. When he walked into the lecture hall,  Professer Kuemmel stood menacingly at the front of the classroom as he uttered the words, "Class P2 has been released."

Diddy Doodat was shocked and his good mood instantly evaporated. First the lightning, and now the impending P2, Diddy Doodat just can't seem to catch
a break. Witnessing Diddy Doodat's troubled expression, Professor Kuemmel grinned mischievously as he added "This program will not just include Binary Search Trees but also AVL trees !". Professor Kuemmel turned to Dilly Doodat to examine his reaction. Diddy Doodat was frightened, but suddenly a he felt a surge of motivation. He looked straight into Professor Kuemmel's eyes as if to say "Bring it on,professor. I am ready to face any task that you present ".

With his new found motivation he dedicated himself to complete this horrible task that was p2. Diddy grabbed his laptop, grabbed his notes, and grabbed all the energy drinks he could carry.  He was finishing this thing tonight.  After hours of work he was only one fourth the way done and it was not looking good.  it was 2:00 in the morning when he finally finished.  He went to send an email to a friend that was still working when he saw it: an email from the professor extending the deadline.

What a a massive relief Diddy Doodat felt. He went to sleep and planned to revise his code the following day as he now had two extra days to complete the program. However, when he awoke in the morning he could not find his laptop anywhere! He began to panic and asked all of his 37 roommates (college housing isn't cheap folks) if they had seen his laptop. Thats when he got a call from Roofus, his flat mate two doors down. "Diddy I don't know how to tell you this, my dog MegaBork chewed your laptop to bits last night after you left it in the kitchen. I promise I will replace it." "Great." Thought Diddy. "Guess we will see if my dog ate my homework works in 2019."
